Stay down.
Your choice, man. Walk away now,
you won't get your ass kicked.
You should've stayed down, Jack.
Jack! Jack!
There's someone out there!
- The current!
- What?
There's someone out there! Look!
- Help!
- I woke up, and she's...
I don't swim. I don't swim.
You're OK.
Just deep breaths now.
Come on, just breathe.
Just breathe. Yeah.
Did you get her?
What?
There was a woman. I was trying...
Did you get her?
Help!
- We gotta go back.
- Help!
Come on.
- Jack!
- There's someone else still out there.
So, what'd they say?
- Jack, maybe you should...
- Who was she?
Her name was Joanna.
She wasn't supposed
to be on the plane.
She was scuba diving off the
Barrier Reef and got an ear infection
and so the doctor grounded her
for two days.
She bumped her flight.
That's how she ended up with us.
She was just swimming this morning.
Got caught in the riptide.
We've been here six days. I never
talked to her. Never said a word.
- Don't...
- There are 47 of us. Never said a word.
- You tried.
- No, I didn't.
I thought maybe I could...
I thought I could bring him back
and still have the time.
I was there... in the water.
I didn't try.
I decided not to go after her.
Are you OK?
- Did you see that?
- What?
Standing there in the water,
there was a man.
You didn't see that?
Jack, when was
the last time you slept?
I need to put this
with the rest of the gear.
Who taught you that?
Sun. The Korean lady.
- Don't swallow it.
- Why not?
- Ocean water will make you thirsty.
- Why?
Just don't swallow it, man.
All right?
Have you got it or what?
You're in my light, sticks.
- What the hell is that supposed to...?
- Light. Comma. Sticks.
As in, those legs of yours.
While I love my new nickname
and I think it's sweet...
Calm down.
I got your damn stuff.
- It'll keep off sand fleas?
- You bet.
Even has aloe.
How much?
- Your money's no good here.
- Then what the hell do you want?
- If you really think I...
- Five grand.
I thought you said my money
was no good here.
I was negotiating.
I can take an IOU.
Something tells me you're good...
...for it.
You haven't found a hairbrush
in there, have you?
No. Sorry.
God, I must've looked
through 20 suitcases.
Can't find one.
It's weird, right?
I mean, you'd think that
everyone packs a hairbrush...
- You all right?
- Yeah, it's just the heat.
- And I'm pregnant.
- Really?
Thanks.
What are you doing?
I'm sorting the practical clothes
from the impractical.
- Wanna help?
- Sure.
- Can I ask you something?
- Sure. Shoot.
Are you a Gemini?
- Yeah, I am.
- I thought so.
Restless. Passionate.
Everyone thinks astrology
is just a load of crap,
but that's because they don't get it.
I could do your chart if you wanted.
Or not.
Geminis.
You look tired, brother.
I'm fine. What's up?
We've got a problem.
- That's it?
- That's it.
- How many?
- Eighteen.
People just kinda took what they needed
'cause we were supposed to be rescued.
But we weren't.
Even if we divvied it up,
it wouldn't be enough for 47 people.
Forty-six.
There's 46 of us now.
If people find out this is
all we have, they'll freak out.
The boar's running low.
What should we tell them?
- I don't know.
- Make water-finding sticks.
- What should we do with stuff we got?
- I don't know.
- We should put it in the tent, yeah?
- Maybe the dog can find water.
Better if no one
knows how little is left.
Dogs can find pot and bombs,
so I'm sure they can find water.
We tell the others we're running low,
we can ration it.
- Then you can decide...
- I'm not deciding anything!
Why not?
You wanna come in?
So...
You wanna tell me what happened?
A couple of guys
jumped Marc Silverman.
jumped Marc Silverman?
But they didn't jump you.
No.
I had a boy on my table today.
I don't know, maybe
a year younger than you.
He had a bad heart.
It got real hairy, real fast.
Everybody's looking
to your old man to make decisions.
And I was able to make those decisions
because at the end of the day,
after the boy died,
I was able to wash my hands
and come home to dinner,
you know, watch a little Carol Burnett,
laugh till my sides hurt.
And how can I do that?
I mean, even when I fail,
how do I do that, Jack?
Because I have what it takes.
Don't choose, Jack. Don't decide.
You don't wanna be a hero. You don't
wanna try and save everyone.
Because when you fail...
You just don't have what it takes.
Why didn't you leave me?
Hey, I'm talking to you.
- Not now, man.
- I could have made it back.
What? You're not gonna answer me?
- I told you to leave me.
- You were drowning.
- You should've saved her.
- But I didn't save her.
And neither did you.
You think you're all noble and heroic
for coming after me? I was fine.
You're not the only one who knows what
to do around here. I run a business.
Who appointed you our savior, huh?
What gives you the right? Look at me.
Hey, I'm talking to you.
Look at me, Jack.
Where are you going?
Hey, where are you going? Hey!
Dad?
Your father's gone, Jack.
Did you hear what I said?
He's gone, Jack.
- He'll be back.
- This time it's different.
I want you to bring him back.
- What?
- He hasn't talked to me in two months.
You haven't talked
to him in two months.
He doesn't want me
to bring him back. Trust me.
- Let one of his friends.
- He doesn't have friends anymore.
Why do you think that is?
He was right about you.
Right about what?
- You don't understand the pressure...
- I understand pressure.
Jack, please, you know how he gets.
He doesn't...
He won't take care of himself.
You have to go after him.
I'm sorry.
I can't.
"I can't"?
You don't get to say "I can't."
Not after what you did.
You bring your father home, Jack.
Where is he?
Australia.
- What's the matter?
- That pregnant lady fell down.
- What happened?
- She just dropped.
It must be the heat.
Is she breathing?
I think.
Come on, let's get her inside.
Claire? Claire, honey, wake up.
Claire, can you hear me? Claire?
Come on, wake up. Come on.
Come on, please wake up. Come on.
Claire, can you hear me?
Hi, it's me, it's Kate.
- What...?
- You passed out.
Just take it easy, OK?
She needs water.
- Water.
- Don't move, OK?
She's burning up. She's really hot.
Honey, I think you have a fever.
You need to stay really still. It's OK.
- Just rest.
- What the...?
The water's gone.
Someone stole it.
- Where is the doctor?
- I don't know. No one can find him.
Was this the last
of the camp's water supply?
Keeping it all in one place, foolish.
I can go into the jungle
to find fresh water.
You're not going alone.
When the others find out the
water's gone, it's gonna get ugly.
And when they find out that someone
pinched it, it's gonna get uglier.
I'll go. Camp needs you two here.
Especially with the doctor gone.
And besides, I know where to look.
Where are you?
Where are you?!
The maid says he hasn't used
the bed in the past three days.
- Did he rent a car from the concierge?
- No, sir.
Quite honestly, Mr. Shephard,
I don't think
your father rented a car at all.
Yeah? Why's that?
There was an incident a few nights ago,
here at the hotel bar.
I had to get security
to escort your father to his room.
What's that have to do
with renting a car?
Sorry. I shouldn't have...
What's that have to do
with renting a car?
I don't think
any rental agent in Sydney
would lease your father
a car in his condition.
My father is the chief of surgery.
Of course, sir. I apologize.
He left his wallet.
Who leaves a wallet?
Perhaps you should talk
to the police, Mr. Shephard.
Where are you?
Take my hand.
Come on.
You OK?
Hey.
- How long have I...?
- A couple of hours. Here.
It's not much,
but it's what we have.
Just relax.
You have to think
about the little one now, yeah?
Thanks for the water, Charlie.
There'd be more
if some git hadn't nicked it.
- Is Jack back yet?
- No.
No one's seen him.
But I wouldn't worry.
Good ol' Mr. Locke's gone into
the jungle to get some water for you.
Great. Our only hunter's
gonna get eaten
just so he can get the
pregnant girl some more water.
I wouldn't worry. You tell me, who
would you rather meet in a dark alley,
whatever's out there, or that
geezer with his 400 knives?
I mean, who packs 400 knives?
Personally, I can only have space
for 200. Three hundred, at most.
When are they gonna rescue us?
Soon.
- Thanks, Charlie.
- For what?
People don't seem
to look me in the eye here.
I think I scare them.
The baby.
It's like I'm this time bomb of
responsibility just waiting to go off.
You don't scare me.
The Chinese people have water.
Where did you get this?
- Where did you get...?
- She doesn't understand, Sayid.
She understands me.
Did you steal this water?
OK, just take it easy. All right?
We just want to talk, all right?
This had water in it. Is it yours?
Who gave you this?
I don't see the water.
- And?
- You go after him now,
he'll give you nothing.
But if you wait...
A rat will always lead you to its hole.
- Well, it's about time.
- For what?
I made this birthday wish
four years ago.
Where's the water?
- That's better.
- Get off of me.
- Give us the water now!
- Yeah, touch me again, huh?
You really think
I stoled your damn water?
- You gave two bottles to the Koreans.
- I don't give nothing to nobody.
- It's not here.
- I traded Mr. Miyagi
the last of my water
for a fish he caught.
- We worked it out caveman-style.
- You gave him your last two bottles?
Water has no value, Freckles.
It's gonna rain sooner or later.
And hell, I'm an optimist.
Hey. You forgot something.
Seeing as you're the new sheriff in
town, might as well make it official.
How are they?
- The others.
- Thirsty.
Hungry. Waiting to be rescued.
And they need someone
to tell them what to do.
Me?
- I can't.
- Why can't you?
- Because I'm not a leader.
- And yet they all treat you like one.
I don't know how to help them.
I'll fail, I'll...
I don't have what it takes.
Why are you out here, Jack?
- I think I'm going crazy.
- Oh, you're not going crazy.
No?
Crazy people don't know they're going
crazy. They think they're getting saner.
So...
...why are you out here?
I'm chasing something.
Someone.
The White Rabbit.
Alice in Wonderland.
Yeah, Wonderland,
because who I'm chasing...
...he's not there.
- But you see him?
- Yes.
But he's not there.
And if I came to you
and said the same thing,
then what would your explanation be?
As a doctor.
I'd call it a hallucination.
Result of dehydration.
Post-traumatic stress.
Not getting more than two hours
of sleep a night. All of the above.
All right, then. You're hallucinating.
- But what if you're not?
- Then we're all in a lot of trouble.
I'm an ordinary man, Jack.
Meat and potatoes.
I live in the real world.
Not a big believer in... magic.
But this place is different.
It's special.
The others don't want to talk
about it because it scares them.
But we all know it. We all feel it.
Is your White Rabbit a hallucination?
Probably.
But what if everything
that happened here
happened for a reason?
What if this person
that you're chasing is really here?
- That's impossible.
- Even if it is, let's say it's not.
Then what happens when I catch him?
I don't know.
But I've looked
into the eye of this island.
And what I saw...
...was beautiful.
- Wait, where are you going?
- To find some more water.
- I'll come with you.
- No.
You need to finish what you started.
Why?
Because a leader can't lead
until he knows where he's going.
The police found him
in an alley in Kings Cross.
Our tox screen showed
a blood alcohol content
which, for a man of his size, probably
brought on myocardial infarction:
A sizeable and fatal heart attack.
That's him.
...Oceanic Airlines, flight 125 nonstop
to Singapore, leaving from gate 14...
What do you mean
you won't put it on the plane?
I'm sorry, Mr. Shephard,
but our policy is that the body
must have the proper documentation.
There is no latitude to...
No latitude? No latitude?
- Without the proper documents...
- You can't do this to me.
- I'm ready to go now.
- Perhaps another carrier...
No!
I want you to listen to me. OK?
Because I'm asking you a favor.
Chrissy, I'm standing
in front of you in the same suit
that I'm wearing to my father's funeral
and I'm asking you a favor.
In 16 hours I need to land at LAX.
And I need that coffin to clear customs
because there is gonna
be a hearse waiting there.
And I need that hearse to take me and
that coffin to a cemetery. Why, Chrissy?
Why can't I bring him to a funeral
home and make all the arrangements?
Why can't I really take
my time with it? Because...
Because I need it to be done.
I need it to be over.
I just... I need to bury my father.
Hey, hey, Claire.
How did you get...?
Where'd you get that?
- Here's your thief.
- Where'd he hide it?
I don't know,
but this wanker had three bottles.
Why did you do it, pretty boy?
It was just sitting... it was just
sitting in the tent. Jack just took off.
- Claire could've died.
- I tried to give her some sooner.
It got out of hand.
- What is going on?
- Someone had to take responsibility.
- Forty would never...
- Shut up!
Leave him alone!
It's been six days
and we're all still waiting.
Waiting for someone to come.
But what if they don't?
We have to stop waiting.
We need to start figuring things out.
A woman died this morning
just going for a swim.
And he tried to save her
and now you're about to crucify him?
We can't do this.
"Every man for himself"
is not gonna work.
It's time to start organizing.
We need to figure out
how we're gonna survive here.
Now I found water,
fresh water, up in the valley.
I'll take a group in at first light.
If you don't wanna come,
then find another way to contribute.
Last week, most of us were strangers.
But we're all here now.
And God knows how long
we're gonna be here.
But if we can't live together,
we're gonna die alone.
So how's it feel?
How's what feel?
Taking my place at the top
of everyone's most hated list.
It sucks, don't it?
Thanks.
So where were you today, Jack?
Just had to take care of a few things.
That's all I'm gonna get, huh?
My father died.
In Sydney.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
I'm sorry too.